(upbeat music)
♪ Kool Thing sittin' with a kitty ♪
♪ Now you know you're
sure lookin' pretty ♪
♪ Like a lover not a dancer ♪
♪ Superboy take a little chance here ♪
♪ I don't wanna, I don't think so ♪
♪ Kool Thing let me play
it with your radio ♪
♪ Move me, turn me on, baby-o ♪
♪ I'll be your slave ♪
♪ Give you a shave ♪
♪ I don't wanna, I don't think so ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Tell 'em about it ♪
♪ Hit 'em where it hurts ♪
♪ Hey, Kool Thing, come
here, sit down beside me ♪
♪ There's something I got to ask you ♪
♪ I just want to know, what
are you gonna do for me ♪
♪ I mean, are you gonna
liberate us girls ♪
♪ From male white corporate oppression ♪
♪ Tell it like it is ♪ ♪ Huh ♪
♪ Yeah, don't be shy ♪
♪ Word up ♪
♪ Fear of a female planet ♪
♪ Fear, baby ♪
♪ I just want you to know
that we can still be friends ♪
♪ Let everybody know ♪
♪ Kool, Kool, Kool ♪
♪ Kool Kool Thing, Kool Kool Thing ♪
(upbeat music)
♪ When you're a star, I know
that you'll fix everything ♪
♪ Kool Thing sittin' with a kitty ♪
♪ Now you know you're
sure lookin' pretty ♪
♪ Rock the beat just a little faster ♪
♪ Now I know you are the master ♪
♪ I don't wanna, I don't think so ♪
♪ Kool Thing walkin' like a panther ♪
♪ Come on and give me an answer ♪
♪ What'd he say ♪
♪ I don't wanna, I don't think so ♪
(upbeat music)